README.md, before:

## What?!
[FaceTest](http://criso.github.com/facetest/) - nodejs module to facilitate api tests that require facebook test users

## What?!!
Creating facebook test users is pain.   
If you're building a `facebook` app or a web app that needs interacts with facebook user objects, this should make your life easier.


## Installation via npm
    $ npm install facetest


## Init
When creating a `facetest` object you'll need to pass in a facebook config object.

```js
var config = {
  appId:      <Your App Id>,
  appSecret:  <Your App Secret>,
  appInstalled: true,
  scope:      'email, user_about_me, user_birthday, user_location, publish_stream, read_stream, friends_location',
};

var FaceTest = require('facetest')
  , facetest = new FaceTest(config);

```

## Create a test User
Creates a facebook test user based on name given

```js
    var FaceTest = require('facetest')
      , facetest = new FaceTest(config);

    facetest.createUser('Magic Man', function (err, user) {
      console.log(user); // { 'Magic Man': { id: ..., email: ....} }
    });
```

## Create several test users
Creates facebook test users based on an array of names

```js
    var FaceTest = require('facetest')
      , facetest = new FaceTest(config);

    var multipleUsers = ['Ricky Bobby', 'El Diablo', 'Magic Man'];

    facetest.createUsers(multipleUsers, function(err, users) {
      console.log(users);
      // {
      //  'Ricky Bobby':  { id: ..., email: ....}
      //  'El Diablo':     { id: ..., email: ....}
      //  'Magic Man':     { id: ..., email: ....}
      // }
    });
```

## Create facebook friends
`createFriends()` expects an object containing an array of names
This will create facebook test users for all the names given.  
  
The key of the object is an `anchor user`, which will have a friend
relationship with all the users in the given array.  
  
Each user will have a `friend object`.  

```js
    var FaceTest = require('facetest')
      , facetest = new FaceTest(config);

    var friends = {
      'Ron Burgundy': ['Ricky Bobby', 'El Diablo', 'Veronica Corningstone']
    };

    // Ron Burgundy will be friends with Ricky bobby, El Diablo and Veronica Corningstone
    // Ricky Bobby will *NOT* be friends with El Diablo. Infinite Sadness.
    facetest.createFriends(friends, function(err, users) {
      console.log(users);
      // {
      //    'Ron Burgundy':          { id: ..., email: ...., friends: [object, object, object]}
      //  , 'Ricky Bobby':           { id: ..., email: ...., friends: [object]}
      //  , 'El Diablo':             { id: ..., email: ...., friends: [object]}
      //  , 'Veronica Corningstone': { id: ..., email: ...., friends: [object]}
      // }
    });
```

## Sample test
```js
  var vows     = require('vows')
    , assert   = require('assert')
    , FaceTest = require('facetest');

  var facetest = new FaceTest();

  vows.describe("testUser.test").addBatch({
    'After multiple users creation': {
      topic:  function () {
        var friends = {
          'Ron Burgundy': ['Ricky Bobby', 'El Diablo', 'Veronica Corningstone']
        };

        facetest.createFriends(friends, this.callback);
      },

      'posting a blog post with facebook id':  {
        topic: function (users) {

          var user = facetest.getFacebookUser('El Diablo');
          client.post('/post/1/facebook_id/' + user.id, this.callback);
        },

        'response': function (err, response) {
          // test response from `/post/1/facebook_id/<facebook_id>`
        }
      }
    }
  }).addBatch({
    'After test is over': {
      topic:  function () {
        facetest.removeAllFacebookUsers(this.callback);
      },

      'test users should be deleted': function (err, res) {
        assert.isNull(err);
        assert.equal(res.data, "true");
        assert.isEmpty(faceTest.getFacebookUsers());
      }
    }
  }).export(module);
```

## Running tests

 Before running the test suite, add your Facebook `appId` and `appSecret` to `tests/config.js`   
 This is needed to create `test users` and to get a test `access_token`

    $ npm install
    $ make test

 _Tests might fail if the Facebook api has an issue._

Commit message:

License all of the things

README.md, after:

##dd  What?!
[FaceTest](http://criso.github.com/facetest/) - nodejs module to facilitate api tests that require facebook test users

## What?!!
Creating facebook test users is pain.   
If you're building a `facebook` app or a web app that needs interacts with facebook user objects, this should make your life easier.


## Installation via npm
    $ npm install facetest


## Init
When creating a `facetest` object you'll need to pass in a facebook config object.

```js
var config = {
  appId:      <Your App Id>,
  appSecret:  <Your App Secret>,
  appInstalled: true,
  scope:      'email, user_about_me, user_birthday, user_location, publish_stream, read_stream, friends_location',
};

var FaceTest = require('facetest')
  , facetest = new FaceTest(config);

```

## Create a test User
Creates a facebook test user based on name given

```js
    var FaceTest = require('facetest')
      , facetest = new FaceTest(config);

    facetest.createUser('Magic Man', function (err, user) {
      console.log(user); // { 'Magic Man': { id: ..., email: ....} }
    });
```

## Create several test users
Creates facebook test users based on an array of names

```js
    var FaceTest = require('facetest')
      , facetest = new FaceTest(config);

    var multipleUsers = ['Ricky Bobby', 'El Diablo', 'Magic Man'];

    facetest.createUsers(multipleUsers, function(err, users) {
      console.log(users);
      // {
      //  'Ricky Bobby':  { id: ..., email: ....}
      //  'El Diablo':     { id: ..., email: ....}
      //  'Magic Man':     { id: ..., email: ....}
      // }
    });
```

## Create facebook friends
`createFriends()` expects an object containing an array of names
This will create facebook test users for all the names given.  
  
The key of the object is an `anchor user`, which will have a friend
relationship with all the users in the given array.  
  
Each user will have a `friend object`.  

```js
    var FaceTest = require('facetest')
      , facetest = new FaceTest(config);

    var friends = {
      'Ron Burgundy': ['Ricky Bobby', 'El Diablo', 'Veronica Corningstone']
    };

    // Ron Burgundy will be friends with Ricky bobby, El Diablo and Veronica Corningstone
    // Ricky Bobby will *NOT* be friends with El Diablo. Infinite Sadness.
    facetest.createFriends(friends, function(err, users) {
      console.log(users);
      // {
      //    'Ron Burgundy':          { id: ..., email: ...., friends: [object, object, object]}
      //  , 'Ricky Bobby':           { id: ..., email: ...., friends: [object]}
      //  , 'El Diablo':             { id: ..., email: ...., friends: [object]}
      //  , 'Veronica Corningstone': { id: ..., email: ...., friends: [object]}
      // }
    });
```

## Sample test
```js
  var vows     = require('vows')
    , assert   = require('assert')
    , FaceTest = require('facetest');

  var facetest = new FaceTest();

  vows.describe("testUser.test").addBatch({
    'After multiple users creation': {
      topic:  function () {
        var friends = {
          'Ron Burgundy': ['Ricky Bobby', 'El Diablo', 'Veronica Corningstone']
        };

        facetest.createFriends(friends, this.callback);
      },

      'posting a blog post with facebook id':  {
        topic: function (users) {

          var user = facetest.getFacebookUser('El Diablo');
          client.post('/post/1/facebook_id/' + user.id, this.callback);
        },

        'response': function (err, response) {
          // test response from `/post/1/facebook_id/<facebook_id>`
        }
      }
    }
  }).addBatch({
    'After test is over': {
      topic:  function () {
        facetest.removeAllFacebookUsers(this.callback);
      },

      'test users should be deleted': function (err, res) {
        assert.isNull(err);
        assert.equal(res.data, "true");
        assert.isEmpty(faceTest.getFacebookUsers());
      }
    }
  }).export(module);
```

## Running tests

 Before running the test suite, add your Facebook `appId` and `appSecret` to `tests/config.js`   
 This is needed to create `test users` and to get a test `access_token`

    $ npm install
    $ make test

 _Tests might fail if the Facebook api has an issue._

## License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 Cristiano Oliveira &lt;ocean.cris@gmail.com&gt;

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
